Ahlsunnah Radio Privacy Policy
Our Company is part of the Ahlsunnah group. This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our app.
Topics:
    • What data do we collect?
    • How do we collect your data?
    • How will we use your data?
    • How do we store your data?
    • Marketing
    • What are your data protection rights?
    • What are cookies?
    • How do we use cookies?
    • What types of cookies do we use?
    • How to manage your cookies
    • Privacy policies of other websites
    • Changes to our privacy policy
    • How to contact us
    • How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
Our Company collects the following data:
      We don’t collect any data at the moment
How do we collect your data?
/
How will we use your data?
/
How do we store your data?
/
Marketing
/
What are your data protection rights?
Our Company would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Our Company for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Our Company correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Our Company to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Our Company erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Our Company restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Our Company’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us at:
Or write to us:
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
We don’t use cookies at the moment
What types of cookies do we use?
/
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
Our Company website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This is the first version of the privacy policy.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Our Company’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: ahlsunnah.dev@gmail.com

How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Our Company has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact us.
Email: ahlsunnah.dev@gmail.com
